CHR 305
	Module
	Assignment Name
	Assignment Content
	Instuctor Notes
	Module 1
	Module 1 Overview
	Module 1 Overview
What is your worldview? Perhaps you haven't given it much thought, maybe you're confused by all the options, or it's possible that yours is a settled issue. In Module 1, you'll consider essential worldview concepts, journey through a choose-your-own-adventure exercise that will help you identify your own worldview, and consider how secularity affects worldview studies. You may find that these exercises help you support your present worldview commitments, bring to surface some unresolved questions or tensions, or cause you to rethink the matter entirely. 
Module 1 Objectives
* Define concept of worldview and influencing factors
* Classify one's own worldview
* Evaluate the impact of secularity on worldview
Module 1 Assignments
Module 1.1
* Watch Video: "What is a Worldview?"
* Read Ryken chapter 1
* Complete Anderson book What's Your Worldview in three steps: 1) read introduction, p. 11-16; 2) take the choose-your-own-adventure journey through the book; 3) read Appendix: Questions & Answers, p. 97-103.
* Complete "What's Your Worldview Reflection?" Reflection
* Take Module 1.1 Quiz
Module 1.2
* Watch Video Lecture: Worldviews in a Secular Age
* Watch Video: James K. A. Smith, "Our Secular Age"
* Read James K. A. Smith, You Are What You Love Preface, chapter 1, and chapter 2
* Complete Secularity in My World Discussion
* Complete Module 1.2 Quiz
	

	

	Reflection: "What's Your Worldview?"


	

DocViewer
Page
of 2
Pages
Questions:
● Is there any objective truth?
○ At first, I answered no, but that ended the whole thing rather quickly, so I
answered yes to continue on.
● Is it possible to know the truth?
○ Yes, because the existence of truth implies it is already known.
● Is anything objectively good or bad?
○ Answering no takes you to the Nihilism page, which I think is a bit of an
overgeneralization. Yes to continue.
● Is there more than one valid religion?
○ The word “valid” means I have to make a subjective judgement. Personally, I
don't know a lot about other religions besides Christianity; which states no other
gods are legitimate. However, the logical nature of the question leads me to
separate my opinions from my judgements. Yes, then no to continue.
● Is there a God?
○ The question is further clarified as, ”Is there a Supreme Being that deserves our
worship and gives meaning, purpose, and direction to the universe and to human
life?” I personally believe there is. Logically speaking, in order to answer this
question I would not only have to know that there is a God, but I would also have
to entirely characterize them and their motives.
○ Yes gives you Theism and no gives you Atheism; both continue to the next set of
questions.
● Is God a personal being?
○ I think the definition of God, along with the book's earlier definition, automatically
imply that God, “has the capacity for conscious thought and experience, including
self-consciousness” So yes
● Is God a perfect being?
○ The previous reasoning applies for this question as well. Yes
● Has God communicated with humans?
○ This question is phrased in a way that is almost impossible to not answer yes to.
Even so, I would say yes.
● Has God communicated openly to humans?
○ This question’s description only served to confuse me. Answering no apparently
means you believe in mysticism.
● Did Jesus of Nazareth rise from the dead?
○ There is more evidence that he did than didn't so yes.
● Was Jesus of Nazareth divine?
○ Yes, if you believe the word of god is divine, and he has communicated through
people, then the bible would answer this question rather quickly.
● Do good people go to heaven and bad people to hell?
○ No, past actions and/or reputations have no bearing on your eternity.
● Worldview: Christianity
Are you surprised by where your journey ended?
I am not surprised how this ended. I was raised in the church and have had a lot of
experiences that both made me doubt and strengthened my belief. I do wonder if I had not been
raised Christian, if I would still believe the same way. I would say yes, as I probably would've
gotten curious at one point and looked into it some more.
Are you satisfied by where your journey ended?
I wouldn’t necessarily say, “satisfied.” The appendix has some information about why
this book was so simplified, but I still feel a little off about it. I felt like I was taking an online
personality quiz from 2004, as the e-book has hyperlinks to the pages you’re supposed to flip to.
Beyond the formatting, I felt like a lot of the questions were one-sided. The writer used a lot of
rhetorical terms, but most pages had at least one, if not a few, logical inconsistencies.
Did the exercise serve to confirm your worldview commitment, raise a serious question
for further consideration, or cause you to reconsider your worldview entirely?
The process confirmed my existing beliefs, but didn't really challenge them or present
new viewpoints. However, it did bring up some thoughts about the nature of religious belief and
how such beliefs are evaluated and reconfirmed. I also enjoyed picking out the logical
inconsistencies and the exercise's limitations, which critically engages my beliefs, even if my
fundamental worldview hasn't been challenged. I will say, even though I would have preferred it
to be more detailed, I did enjoy learning about different religious ideals and how they contribute
to people’s beliefs.
Annotations




	Very good reflection. Yes, the exercise is simplistic in several respects (the "2004 personality test line" is 🔥) and not intended to be scientific or even diagnostic--just an exercise. 
	

	1.1 Module Quiz




	Due May 15 at 11:59pm
Points 10
Questions 10
Time Limit 10 Minutes
Allowed Attempts 3
Instructions
You have 10 minutes to answer 10 multiple-choice questions. You may use books, articles, and notes you've made, but you may not take the quiz in groups or use material supplied by another student.
Quizzes will serve as a review for the material in each Module, and they must be completed before moving on to the next Module. To achieve competency for each Module, students must score at least 70% on the quiz(zes) for that Module. Students have three opportunities to take the quiz and achieve competency. If students do not score 70% after three attempts, they will not demonstrate competency and will not be able to complete the course. Quizzes will usually have objective questions (multiple-choice, true-false, matching) questions, and they will be timed.
Attempt History




Attempt
Time
Score
LATEST
Attempt 1
2 minutes
9 out of 10


Correct answers are hidden.
Score for this attempt: 9 out of 10
Submitted May 14 at 2:52pm
This attempt took 2 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, a worldview is
a well-reasoned framework of beliefs and convictions that helps us see the big picture, giving a true and unified perspective on the meaning of human existence.


Question 2
1 / 1 pts
Ryken claims that worldviews are inherently religious, because
 
we all direct our lives toward some greater purpose.
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, in Christian thought, the concept of worldview is
 
a fairly recent development
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
Worldview is simply the English translation of the German term
Weltanschauung
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, the idea of a Christian worldview means that
Christians find substantial unity, but do not agree on everything
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, which is a crucial question to ask about any worldview?
 
Does our way of looking at the world correspond to the world as it actually is?
IncorrectQuestion 7
0 / 1 pts
To what body part does Anderson compare a worldview?
 
big toe, because we don't see them often but they're very important.
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
According to Anderson, a worldview isn't a physical view of the world but a
 
philosophical view of reality
Question 9
1 / 1 pts
According to the Anderson book, a worldview represents
your most fundamental beliefs and assumptions about the universe, and reflects how you would answer all the "big questions" of human existence.
Question 10
1 / 1 pts
According to the Anderson book, how does worldview relate to ethics?
Worldview largely determines people's beliefs on ethical matters. Your view on any major issue depends on your underlying worldview more than anything else.




	9/10
	

	

1.2. Discussion: Secularity in My World




	The video lecture introduced several terms related to secularity (listed below). Choose the one that resonates with you most, and describe its impact on your life and beliefs in one paragraph. In other words, which of these ideas do you most recognize in your own life, and why?
Fragilization
Immanentization
Buffered Self
Cross-Pressure
Disenchantment / Excarnation
Nova Effec

Cross-Pressure is something I feel I've seen a lot. With the whole world at our fingertips, we're always bumping into different cultures, philosophies, and ideas. This can lead to this sort of cross-pressure situation, where we're caught in the middle, trying to juggle our beliefs with everything new we're coming across.
 
A lot of our beliefs come from our families or communities. But then we go online or look at the broader society and there are all these different perspectives that can really challenge what we thought we knew. However, this tension can lead to learning something new or even strengthen what you already believe.




	Jed, this observation is astounding.  Sometimes it can be difficult to stand firm in your belief when you know there are so many other options.  On the other hand, you are also correct in saying It can strengthen our belief because we have this evidence and a solid belief system where anything else doesn't make sense
	

	1.2 Module Quiz
	Due May 15 at 11:59pm
Points 7
Questions 7
Time Limit 7 Minutes
Allowed Attempts 3
Instructions
You have 7 minutes to answer 7 questions. You may use books, course materials, and notes made by you, but you may not take the quiz in groups or use material supplied by another student. Quiz covers all material in Module 1.2.
Quizzes will serve as a review for the material in each Module, and they must be completed before moving on to the next Module. To achieve competency for each Module, students must score at least 70% on the quiz(zes) for that Module. Students have three opportunities to take the quiz and achieve competency. If students do not score 70% after three attempts, they will not demonstrate competency and will not be able to complete the course. Quizzes will usually have objective questions (multiple-choice, true-false, matching) questions, and they will be timed.
Attempt History




Attempt
Time
Score
LATEST
Attempt 1
3 minutes
6 out of 7


Correct answers are hidden.
Score for this attempt: 6 out of 7
Submitted May 14 at 2:55pm
This attempt took 3 minutes.
PartialQuestion 1
0.67 / 1 pts
Match each secularity term with its correct description
Fragilization
 
Immanentization
 
Cross-Pressure
 
Buffered self
 
Disenchantment / Excarnation
 
Nova Effect
 PartialQuestion 2
0.33 / 1 pts
What are the three different concepts of the secular? Match each concept to its correct description.
Secular1
 
Secular2
 
Secular3
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
The main point of You Are What You Love chapter 1 is discipleship is more a matter of reformation than information
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
In chapter 1 of You Are What You Love, Smith claims that to be human is to
 
desire some kingdom--to be oriented toward some sense of the good life; to pursue some vision of how the world ought to be
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
According to Smith, a "formative, love-shaping ritual" is called a
liturgy


Question 6
1 / 1 pts
To describe the kind of liturgy that's popular in our secular culture, Smith uses the illustration of a
shopping mall
Question 7
1 / 1 pts


	

	Module 2
	Module 2 Overview
	

Overview/Introduction
This module explores a sample of the major worldviews in the United States. You will encounter, compare, and analyze a variety of worldview perspectives, with a view to refining your own thoughts and convictions. In this module, the attention falls mostly on nonChristian worldviews, since Christianity will be treated more fully in latter modules.
You will consider a significant amount of information in a variety of ways. First, you will watch a series a video lectures that introduce three significant worldviews, and read an article that explains their historical development. Second, you'll read a series of papers describing how the "big three" worldviews in America function to answer life's biggest questions. Third, you'll read an article by Steve Lemke that describes common worldviews in slightly different categories and provides advice for how Christians should respond. Finally, you'll complete assignments in which you will compare and analyze differing worldviews.
	

	

	2.1 Worldview Grid Assignment
	Download the attached file, complete the grid, and submit. This assignment will be graded according to the "reflections" rubric.
Each of the four major worldviews discussed in this unit's video lectures has a set of basic beliefs that, in some way, provide answers to life's big questions. To compare the worldviews, it helps to place these basic beliefs on a grid. To complete the grid, you'll need to consider the main commitments of each worldview listed, and your own commitments. The following descriptions may help you with the assignment:
* Epistemology--what is the main source of knowledge (or way of knowing) for this worldview?
* Origins--what does this worldview believe about the beginning of humanity? From where did we come?
* Problem--what does this worldview believe is the main problem in the world today?
* Solution--what does this worldview believe is the best answer to the world's problem?
* Destiny--what does this worldview believe about the future? According to this worldview, what is the final destination for humanity?


DocViewer
Page
of 2
Pages
Worldview Epistemology Origins Problem Solution Destiny
Naturalism Empirical evidence
and scientific
method are the
primary sources of
knowledge.
Everything that
exists can be
explained by natural
causes and laws.
Believes in evolution
and natural processes
as the explanation for
the origin of life and
humanity.
Lack of understanding
or knowledge about
the world and
ourselves can lead to
problems like poverty,
conflict, and
environmental
degradation.
Continued scientific
discovery, education,
technological progress,
and societal
development.
There is no specified
destiny or afterlife.
Death is the end of
existence.
Postmodernism Knowledge is
subjective and
constructed by
individuals or
cultures. There are
many ways of
knowing, none of
which can claim
ultimate truth.
Various interpretations
exist based on cultural
narratives and
personal beliefs.
There's no single,
universally accepted
explanation.
Dominant narratives,
power structures, and
inequality are the main
issues. Absolute truth
claims are seen as
oppressive.
Deconstructing
dominant narratives
and power structures,
embracing diversity,
and promoting
individual and cultural
freedom.
There is no universally
agreed upon destiny.
Each individual
constructs their own
meaning and purpose.
Christianity Divine revelation
through the Bible,
tradition, reason,
and experience. The
ultimate truth is
found in God.
Humanity was created
by God as described in
the Genesis account in
the Bible.
Sin is the main
problem, causing
separation from God
and leading to
personal and societal
issues.
Salvation through faith
in Jesus Christ, leading
to transformation of
the individual and
ultimately society.
Believes in life after
death, with eternal life
in heaven for believers
and eternal separation
from God for non-
believers.
Your Own
Convictions
Knowledge is gained
through personal
experiences,
empirical evidence,
and the wisdom
gleaned from
various sources.
Born from your
parents, carrying the
legacy of human
history and biology.
The limitations of
human understanding
and the struggle to
keep up with rapidly
advancing technology.
Lifelong learning and
adaptability,
supplemented by
advancements in
technology.
A lifelong journey of
personal growth and
development,
influenced by the
continuous interplay
between humans and
their environment.
Jed Hager CHR-305 Summer 2023
Annotations




	

	

	2.1 Analyzing Worldviews Discussion


	At the end of Worldview Paper 3, you were encouraged to assess worldviews in two ways: 1) Is it credible? Does it present a coherent view of world that matches reality?; 2) Is it compelling? Does it satisfy longings and answer the deepest questions? For this discussion, identify which worldview you think best passes these two tests, and explain why (one paragraph). Then, identify the worldview you think least passes these two tests, and explain why (one paragraph).


Viewing it from my angle, the philosophy that seems to most convincingly meet the tests of credibility and appeal is Biblical Christianity. It shows a consistent image of our world and relates with nearly any human experience. It accounts for nature's detail and beauty through the idea of a purposeful creation, while its ethical doctrines offer strong guidance for life choices. Its core themes of love, forgiveness, and redemption resonate with the human need for validation and love. The belief in eternal life gives a comforting answer to deep-seated questions about the meaning of life and the reality of death.
Conversely, Materialistic Naturalism/Atheism fails to pass the same set of tests. It gives a plausible description for observable physical facts, yet struggles to account for intangible aspects of human existence, such as consciousness, ethical behavior, and life purpose. The absence of a shared human problem and the dismissal of an afterlife could leave people feeling existential dread. It might not deliver the security, sense of purpose, and hope that many search for when confronted with life's difficulties and the certainty of death.


	Hey Jed! I agree with you about how themes of love, forgiveness, and redemption resonate with all human needs. In Naturalism or Postmodernism, there is no connection to those needs or human emotions. It just feels like you live and die and that is all the purpose there is to life. 
Thanks for sharing!


	

	2.1 Module Quiz


	Score for this attempt: 7 out of 7
Submitted May 21 at 7:15pm
This attempt took 2 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
A worldview is:
 
a concept taken directly from Scripture.
 
an idea originating with Nietzsche.
 
uniform to every culture.
 
a lens through which we interpret reality.
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
The Christian concept of Creation ex nihilo means God:
 
created everything in 7 days.
 
created from nothing.
 
created through evolution.
 
created everything in 7 eras or epochs.
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
Epistemology refers to:
 
the study of how we know things.
 
the study of the epistles.
 
the study of the process of time.
 
the study of how things work.
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
Naturalists believe:
 
some miracles occur naturally.
 
there is a transcendent reality.
 
that one's perspective determines one's truth.
 
what you see is all there is.
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
Every person that believes in evolution is also an atheist.
 
True
 
False
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
In chapter 3 of You Are What You Love, Smith mostly
 
considers Christian worship in its historical expression and applies it to today
 
discusses various approaches to the question of human origins and distinguishes which ones are compatible with Christianity
 
surveys different denominations and adjudicates which ones are best
 
Question 7
1 / 1 pts
The main point of You Are What You Love chapter 3 is that 
 
the question of human origins cannot be answered, ultimately, by science alone
 
worship is the arena in which God recalibrates our hearts, reforms our desires, and rehabituates our hopes
 
churches that embrace a more expressive, individual mode of worship are more effective in the postmodern age
	Quiz Score: 7 out of 7
	Module 3
	Module 3 overview
	Having encountered the concept of worldviews, compared and analyzed various worldviews, and given some thought to your own, we now turn to an in-depth look at the Christian worldview. What is a Christian way to view the world?
In Module 3, you'll explore basic Christian ideas pertaining to God, creation, humanity, sin, salvation, and destiny.
Module 3 Objectives
Interpret basic Christian beliefs pertaining to God, creation, humanity, sin, salvation, and destiny.
Evaluate basic Christian beliefs by applying critical thought.
Formulate personal worldview beliefs.
Module 3.1 Assignments
Read Ryken chapters 2, 3, 4.
Read Keller chapters 8 and 10
Complete Discussion: Humanity and Sin
Complete Module 3.1 Quiz
Module 3.2 Assignments
Read Ryken chapters 5 and 6.
Read Keller chapters 11, 12, & 14
Read You Are What You Love chapter 4
Complete Counterfeit Gospels Discussion


	

	

	

3.1 Discussion: Humanity & Sin
	In C.S. Lewis's Prince Caspian (from the Chronicles of Narnia), Aslan says to the humans, "You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve. And that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth." In view of Ryken's thoughts (Ryken chapter 4), in about two paragraphs answer the following two questions.
1. Judging by the quote alone, what do you think Lewis intended to convey? In your own words, explain what you think the quote means.
2. Do you think the quote is true? Does it reflect what is true about humanity? Why or why not?


        From what I can gather from the quote, it seems like Lewis is trying to say that we're all equal in a way. We all come from the same roots - Adam and Eve. That's something to be proud of, because it connects us to the very beginning of humanity, and that's pretty cool. But at the same time, it's a bit of a reality check. Adam and Eve messed up in the Garden of Eden, and we've been dealing with the consequences of that ever since. So, no matter how high and mighty we might get, we've all got that same flaw running through us. It's like a reminder to stay humble.
        As for whether the quote is true, I'd say yeah, it is. It lines up with what I understand about humanity. We're all equal in the sense that we're all human, we all have worth, and we all have the same basic needs. But we're also all flawed and make mistakes. And that's okay. It's part of being human. It's something that connects us all, from the poorest beggar to the greatest emperor. So, in my opinion, the quote does a pretty good job of summing up the human condition.




	Hey Jed! Great response! I loved your perspective on the quote and how it makes us all seem equal. I did not think about that aspect of the quote but I agree with you! Thanks for sharing!


	

	3.1 Module Quiz


	Score for this attempt: 10 out of 10
Submitted May 28 at 5:30pm
This attempt took 2 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, the four elements of creation, fall, grace, and glory are 
 
metaphysical classifications that philosophers commonly use to group human progress.
 
Christian worldview categories that theologians commonly use to understand human experience.
 
psychological classifications that psychoanalysts commonly use to grade human development.
 
religious groupings that ecclesiastical leaders commonly use to organize social demographics.
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, every worldview
 
is well-defined
 
has an integrating idea
 
can be true
 
has equal merit
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, the one true and living God is triune, which means that
 
he exists eternally as one God who appears in different modes.
 
he exists eternally in three persons, each person being fully God, yet there is one God.
 
he exists eternally as three independent divine beings.
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, what constitutes the unique sanctity of all human life is
 
the set of unalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
 
the special connections we share through the all-encompassing life-force of nature.
 
our history of progress and development as a species.
 
that God has made us in his image, like himself.
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, the relationship between the Creator and the creation is
 
fundamentally one of dissociation; the Creator is the origin of the creation, from which he now remains apart and permits to develop according to natural laws.
 
fundamentally one of distinction; the Creator is "other than" his creation--its Maker and Lord--and the Creation and the Creator are never to be confused.
 
fundamentally one of identification; the Creator is the transcendent reality of which the creation is the manifestation.
 
fundamentally one of collaboration; the Creator is the "soul" in the "body" of the universe, interpenetrating every part, but extending beyond it.
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, the fall in the Garden of Eden
 
is a historical fact that best explains all that is wrong in the world as we know it.
 
is a metaphorical account offering an explanation of why there is evil in the world.
 
is an ontological myth offering an interpretation of natural and social phenomena as we know them in the world.
 
is a literary motif outlining our strengths and limitations as humans, particularly in the development of our awareness regarding the care of the natural world.
 
Question 7
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, if we can't trust our belief-forming faculties to tell us the truth about God, as naturalists say,
 
it's because God is a religious phenomenon, and not a rational one.
 
at least we can trust them to tell us the truth about science.
 
why should we trust them to tell us the truth about anything, including evolutionary science?
 
still we can trust our cognitive perceptions of the world we experience every day.
 
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, if you don't believe in God, then things like the existence of the world, the fine-tuning of the universe, the regularity of nature, and the existence of beauty and meaning
 
not only are scientifically stable, but you should absolutely expect them.
 
not only are philosophically reasonable, but you should necessarily assume them.
 
not only are transcendental givens, but you should understand them intuitively.
 
not only are profoundly inexplicable, but you should not even expect them.
 
Question 9
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, the Christian doctrine of sin gives hope
 
because a "sinner" is humble enough to know that he/she is not perfect and should expect some failure along the way.
 
because a "sinner" can love himself/herself, regardless of failure, and achieve appropriate self-esteem.
 
because a "sinner" is not simply the helpless victim of psychological drives or social systems.
 
because a "sinner" has an explanation for failure that lets him/her not have to assume its liability and get stalled by things like shame and regret.
 
Question 10
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, sin primarily is
 
not about bad things as much as it is feeling bad about things, so that we fail to live up to our true potential.
 
not just doing bad things, but not feeling bad enough about doing them.
 
not just doing bad things, but making good things into ultimate things.
 
not so much about doing bad things, but thinking bad things, becoming imprisoned in negative thought


	Quiz Score: 10 out of 10
	

	3.2 Counterfeit Gospels Discussion
	Read through the "Counterfeit Gospels" chart, and complete the assignment.


Write a post that accomplishes the following steps:


1. In about one paragraph, identify which of the "counterfeits" seems the most believable to you and explain why. Then, identify the "counterfeit" that seems the most unbelievable to you and explain why.


2. If the six listed viewpoints are considered "counterfeit," then what do you believe is the real gospel? Outline what you believe to be the true gospel following the three categories given in the chart. In other words, give a 1-2 sentence description of the real gospel's "story" (what is the truth about God, humanity, and sin?), a 1-2 sentence description of the real gospel's "announcement" (what is the truth about salvation?), and a 1-2 sentence description of the true gospel's "community" (what is the truth about church?). Feel free to rely on any course materials to complete this section.


        The "counterfeit" gospel that kinda makes sense to me is the "Therapeutic" one. It's all about personal growth and reaching your full potential, which sounds pretty good, right? But it's a bit too focused on the self and doesn't really get into the whole sin and salvation thing as much as it should.
        On the flip side, the "Judgmentless" gospel doesn't really click with me. It's like it's trying to ignore the fact that sin is a real thing and that there's a need for God's judgment. It paints a picture of a God who's all about love but doesn't really do justice, which doesn't line up with what the Bible says about God being both just and loving.
        So what do I believe is the real gospel?


            Story:
                The real story is that God, who's entirely loving and holy, made us in His image. But we messed up, which led to sin and us being cut off from God. This sin thing isn't just about the bad stuff we do, but it's a deep-down problem that messes with every part of our lives.
            Announcement:
                The big news of the gospel is that God didn't leave us in our mess. He sent His Son, Jesus, to die for us and take our sins as his ownJ. Jesus didn't stay dead though - He rose again, and because of that, we can be friends with God again. This isn't something we can earn or work for, it's a gift that we just have to accept.
            Community:
                The gospel isn't just about me and God, it's about us as a community. The Church isn't just a self-help group or a social club, it's a family of people who believe in Jesus. We're called to tell others about Jesus, to help each other grow, and to show God's love and goodness to the world. The Church isn't just an add-on, it's a key part of God's plan.




	Jed, I agree that therapeutic would be the most believable conterfit because it is the most naturally promising one.


	

	3.2 Module Quiz


	 Score for this attempt: 12 out of 12
Submitted May 28 at 5:32pm
This attempt took 3 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, when Jesus was crucified at Calvary
  he paid the cost of our ransom to Satan, so we could be set free to serve God.
  he gave us an example of faithful obedience to move us to live more like himself.
  he took upon himself the punishment we deserve, suffering God's holy wrath and righteous curse against our sin.
  he impressed on humanity, as never before, a sense of our worth and God merited love, softening our hearts and leading us to moral improvement.
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, our commitment to seeing all truth as God's truth
  compels us to dismiss those who do not speak from a Christian worldview.
  compels us to reject the intellectual work of secular scholars in the sciences.
  compels us to see truth as it is, wherever it is.
  compels us to accept every view of truth as equally valid.
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, one of the things, at last, that distinguishes the consummation from the creation is that
  it is indefinable.
  it is independent.
  it is indefectible.
  it is indiscriminate.
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
According to Ryken, the community life of that last and future city
  will be intermittent and discretionary, unlike our present urban experience.
  will not be discontinuous with our present experiences, but will be its completion and consummation.
  will be homogenous and purist, in contradistinction to our present work experience.
  will be discontinuous with our present experience, and will be creative incorporeal.
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, the operating principle of the gospel is
  "The more I learn to obey, the more I deserve heaven."
  "God accepts me on balance--if the good outweighs the bad in my life, I'm accepted."
  "I am accepted by God through what Christ has done, therefore I obey."
  "I live an upstanding life, therefore God will bless me."
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, grace is only a threat
  to the efforts of the church seeking to engage the culture contextually.
  to the works every believer does in grateful obedience to God.
  to the illusion that we are free, autonomous selves, living life as we choose.
  to the life of the church seeking to conform itself to God's commands.
 
Question 7
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, forgiveness is
  canceling all consequences of the offense for the offender's sake.
  excusing the offender's responsibility to keep open the door of relationship.
  as simple as verbalizing the words, "I forgive you."
  bearing the cost of the offense instead of making the wrongdoer bear it.
 
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, all real life-changing love
  involves some kind of substitutional sacrifice.
  allows the other person to pursue their own journey in their own way
  never judges anyone as wrong and guilty.
  accepts the other person without any demands or conditions.
 
Question 9
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, the Bible has often been summed up as
  a religion in four parts--work hard, do good, love others, and pray.
  a drama in four acts--creation, fall, redemption, restoration
  a book in four sections--law, prophets, gospels, and letters.
  a history in four eras--primordial, ancient near eastern, first-century Judean, and Roman
 
Question 10
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, Christianity is
  not just about one's individual sins being forgiven, but also about the redemption of creation and the restoration of shalom to the world.
  all about getting as many people's souls saved as possible so they can go to heaven when they die.
  primarily a spiritual religion focused on one's personal devotional life before God and not a public religion engaged in social issues.
  mainly about being good and doing the best you can so that, at judgment, you can be forgiven and enter heaven.
 
Question 11
1 / 1 pts
In You Are What You Love chapter 4, Smith points out one element of historic Christian worship that is mostly missing today. What is it?
  Baptism
  Communion
  Almsgiving
  Confession
 
Question 12
1 / 1 pts
The main point of chapter 4 of You Are What You Love is
  worship is participating in Communion. Communion is the center of worship.
  worship is the free expression of individual feelings toward God, offering maximal freedom and artistry
  worship is simply sharing the gospel--passing on the necessary information
  worship is the reenactment of the drama of redemption, in a way that re-characterizes who we are
Quiz Score: 12 out of 12
	12/12
	Module 4
	Module 4 Overview
	Module 4 Overview


NOTE: To view the videos in this module, you must register for a Right Now Media account via Anderson University, using your AU email. There is no cost to you. You may do so at this link: https://app.rightnowmedia.org/en/user/anderson_university


Links to an external site.


In Modules 1-3, you compared worldviews and explored the basic beliefs of Christianity. In Modules 4 and 5, you will encounter common objections to Christianity. Just as there are good reasons to believe that Christianity is true, there are also reasons that people reject it. It's important for you to understand these objections and respond to them.


Mostly, you will read and discuss selected chapters from two books, Tim Keller's The Reason for God and Rebecca McLaughlin's Confronting Christianity.


For this unit, you will explore and respond to three objections. You must complete the assignments pertaining to Objection 4.1, 4.2, and 4.3


Module 4 Objectives


        Analyze common objections to Christianity.
        Evaluate various perspectives on the objection.
        Compose a personal response to the objection.


Module 4 Assignments


        Complete Objection 4.1 assignments.
            Complete all reading and watch all video that corresponds to Objection 4.1.
            Complete the quiz for Objection 4.1
        Complete Objection 4.2 assignments.
            Complete all reading and watch all video that corresponds to Objection 4.2.
            Complete the discussion for Objection 4.2.
            Complete the quiz for Objection 4.2
        Complete Objection 4.3 assignments.
            Complete all reading and watch all video that corresponds to Objection 4.3.
            Complete the discussion for Objection 4.3.
            Complete the quiz for Objection 4.3


 
	

	

	4.1 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 9 out of 9
Submitted Jun 4 at 2:32pm
This attempt took 4 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
Another term that Keller uses for "worldview" is:
  cognitive dissonance
  narrative identity
  collective placement
  cultural assessment
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
Keller, by demonstrating the breakdown of the elephant illustration, claims that the only way you could know that no religion can see the whole truth is if:
  you have a strong tradition of historical and scientific evidence for proof.
  No answer text provided.
  you have a collective, unified perspective from folks of all cultures and religions that all agree.
  you yourself have superior, comprehensive knowledge of spiritual reality.
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, Christianity provides a firm basis for respecting people of other faiths.
  True
  False
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, it is more narrow to think that one religion is right than to claim that one way to think about all religions (namely that all are equal) is right.
  True
  False
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, Christians should expect to find nonbelievers who are much nicer, kinder, wiser, and better than they are.
  True
  False
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, a person cannot credibly deny the resurrection of Jesus out-of-hand because:
  then you must come up with a historically feasible alternate explanation for the birth of the church.
  denial is actually a form of belief. Denying something means you first consider it as true.
  too many others have denied it also. The majority isn't always right.
  the human heart won't allow it--we know it is true.
 
Question 7
1 / 1 pts
Keller claims that the because the first resurrection accounts are from women, the accounts are too problematic to be fabrications. Why?
  a woman's testimony was the same as a man's in their culture, so it's an irrelevant point.
  a woman's testimony was held in very high regard in their culture, explaining why the apostles chose to say women were the first to see it.
  a woman's testimony was not credible evidence in their culture. If the apostles created the story, they wouldn't have used women.
  a woman's testimony was invalid, thus making the resurrection a likely myth, and providing evidence that the apostles tinkered with the accounts.
 
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
McLaughlin argues that religious pluralism has a real problem when it encounters
  facts of history
  fears of governments
  facets of imagination
 
Question 9
1 / 1 pts
What illustration is mentioned in the Keller book and in the McLaughlin book?
  five little monkeys
  blind men and the elephant
  The Catcher in the Rye
  frog and toad are friends




	9/9
	

	4.2 Discussion: Christianity Is Too Strict
	Some people argue that Christianity, with its rules and exclusive truth claims, is repressive to both individuals and communities because it divides communities rather than unites them, and because it diminishes our humanity by robbing us of our freedom to determine our own path. How do you respond? In one paragraph, draft a response.


Sometimes, people can look at something like Christianity and only see the negatives. This can happen with anything, especially when people's preconceived notions or biases influence their perspective. However, if we take a step back and compare Christianity to other religions, we see that Christianity offers a unique path that encourages personal growth; along with the freedom to work with God and build a beautiful relationship. It's not so much about adhering to a set of rules, but each person's journey to better themselves and develop a deeper understanding of their faith.
	Hi Jed! Great response. After reading your post, I can relate with you when you said that often times people look at Christianity and only see the negatives. I feel like this is common when people do not agree with some of the things Christianity stands for. Also, I have seen this in scenarios where people have been hurt in the church. Which is very common, however, sometimes it is hard to get past the hurt. I love what you said at the end about trying to become better individuals and gaining knowledge and understanding in our faith.
	

	4.2 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 5 out of 6
Submitted Jun 4 at 2:34pm
This attempt took 3 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, if you say all truth-claims are power plays, then
  then you admit that truth is power, and power you should obtain.
  you're too politically minded and need to consider real-life scenarios.
  your statement itself is a power-play.
  No answer text provided.
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, Christianity isn't culturally rigid because:
  Where true Christianity has grown, it has adapted significantly and positively to the surrounding culture without compromising its main tenets.
  No answer text provided.
  it has no requirements for membership. One may simply come as he or she is, without any precondition of belief.
  it tries to transform all cultures into one uniform culture.
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller, a community cannot be complete inclusive because:
  people are inherently biased and bigoted, making true community impossible.
  exclusion is simply part of evolution's "survival of the fittest" scheme.
  any community must hold its members accountable to a set of commonly held beliefs, or it isn't really a community at all.
  No answer text provided.
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
According to McLaughlin, the first African Christian was likely
  Augustine of Hippo
  the Ethiopian eunuch mentioned in Acts 8
  a white missionary in the colonial era
  Desmund Tutu
 
IncorrectQuestion 5
0 / 1 pts
According to McLaughlin, what nation might have more Christians than the United States by 2030, and be a majority Christian nation by 2050?
  Brazil
  China
  India
  Russia
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
According to McLaughlin, what is the most diverse, multiethnic, and multicultural movement in history?
  Christianity
  Islam
  Hinduism
  Buddhism




	5/6
	

	4.3 Discussion: Religion Causes Injustice
	



In his book, God Is Not Great, Christopher Hitchens addresses a hypothetical question he was asked on a panel: If he were alone in an unfamiliar city at night, and a group of strangers began to approach him, would he feel safer, or less safe, knowing that these men had just come from a prayer meeting? Hitchens answers,


Just to stay within the letter "B", I have actually had that experience in Belfast, Beirut, Bombay, Belgrade, Bethlehem, and Baghdad. In each case . . . I would feel immediately threatened if I thought that the group of men approaching me in the dusk were coming from a religious observance.


Hitchens then gives detailed descriptions of the tense social and political situations within these cities, which he attributes to religion. Many people believe that religions like Christianity inevitably lead to violence and oppression. How do you respond?




The way I see it, the place that a group comes from, like a prayer meeting in this example, doesn't automatically make them a threat. They'd only be dangerous if the place they came from was pushing them to do bad things. Of course, without knowing the full context of the place and the social climate, it’s nearly impossible to draw a solid conclusion. With that being said, I maintain it's not fair to think a group is scary just because they were at a church and are now walking around.


However, feelings are subjective experiences; If someone feels threatened, their feelings are valid and real to them. Often, such feelings are because of a lack of knowledge or understanding about the situation or the individuals involved. Sadly, the common response to such discomfort is to avoid the source of unease rather than seek to understand it better. Through understanding and dialogue, we can bridge these gaps and reduce unwarranted fear.
	In the night, if a group of men were to appear near me out of no where while I was alone, regardless of where they are coming from, I would feel nervous or threatened. I think that Christianity does not intently lead to violence or oppression. In theory, a true Christian knows that violence is never the answer when handling situations especially ones that involve God. Christianity itself does not cause violence, but how others interpret the message being said can cause conflict.  Those political situations usually caused between Christians who believe in the word of God and other religions who don't. In this situation those try to get their side across while peacefully stating scripture to back up their argument but other religions who cannot see our side fight back because they don't understand. Kayla, great response! I agree with you I don't think that Christianity intently leads to violence.
	

	4.3 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 6 out of 6
Submitted Jun 4 at 3:16pm
This attempt took less than 1 minute.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
Keller claims
  societies that enforce religion tend to be more peaceful than societies that simply tolerate it
  societies that have rid themselves of all religion have been just as oppressive as those steeped in it
  societies that rid themselves of religion are notably more peaceful, but this isn't evidence against Christianity
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
Keller believes that fanatical Christians
  are not Christian enough
  have a perfect balance
  are too Christian
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
perhaps Keller's key point is that the typical criticisms by secular people about the oppressiveness and injustices of the Christian church
  actually stem from an unjustified precommitment to science as a worldview
  actually are just wrong. Christians have never been oppressive or unjust.
  actually come from Christianity's own resources for critique of itself
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
One item that both Keller and McLaughlin discuss is
  Native American religions
  South American animism
  Nazi Germany
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
Which of the following is NOT discussed in McLaughlin 5?
  Communism
  Buddhism
  Scandinavian Socialism
  Naziism
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
McLaughlin highlights Christianity's relationship with the growth and spread of
  economic surrogacy
  democracy
  aristocracy
  bureaucracy




	6/6
	Module 5
	Module 5 Overview
	Module 5 Overview


Module 5 continues exploring common objections to the Christian faith and works exactly like Module 4. You'll complete Objections 5.1, 5.2, and 5.3.


Module 5 Objectives


        Analyze common objections to Christianity.
        Evaluate various perspectives on the objections.
        Compose a personal response to objections.


Module 5 Assignments


        Complete Objection 5.1 assignments.
            Complete all reading and watch all video that corresponds to Objection 5.1.
            Complete the quiz for Objection 5.1
        Complete Objection 5.2 assignments.
            Complete all reading and watch all video that corresponds to Objection 5.2.
            Complete the discussion for Objection 5.2.
            Complete the quiz for Objection 5.2
        Complete Objection 5.3 assignments.
            Complete all reading and watch all video that corresponds to Objection 5.3.
            Complete the discussion for Objection 5.3.
            Complete the quiz for Objection 5.3




	

	

	5.1 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 3 out of 5
Submitted Jun 12 at 11:46am
This attempt took 4 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
in their chapters, both authors appeal to scenes from
  The Silver Chair
  The Empire Strikes Back
  The Lord of the Rings
  The Tell Tale Heart
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
in a perhaps surprising turn, Keller argues that
  indeed, evil causes us to tone down our absolutist concept of God's goodness
  evil and suffering may be evidence *for* God
  evil and good are caught in a cosmic battle and no one is sure who will win
  evil functions like a mirage--it doesn't truly exist
 
IncorrectQuestion 3
0 / 1 pts
McLaughlin interacts, rather extensively, with what Bible passage?
  John 21--restoration of Peter
  Matthew 5-7--Sermon on the Mount
  Luke 2--birth of Christ
  John 11--Jesus raises Lazarus
 
IncorrectQuestion 4
0 / 1 pts
McLaughlin compares the Christian view of suffering to two other views. What are they?
  Shinto & Mayan
  Muslim & Animist
  Hindu & Postmodern
  atheism & Buddhism
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
Keller directly references J.L. Mackie.
  True
  False
Quiz Score: 3 out of 5




	3/5
	

	5.2 Discussion: God Won't Send People to Hell
	In chapter 5 of Reason for God, Tim Keller states, "In short, hell is simply one's freely chosen identity apart from God on a trajectory toward infinity." Do you find this claim satisfying? Why or why not? Offer at least two reasons for your answer.




I found Keller’s statement to be very interesting. Depicting hell as a freely chosen identity, like Keller does, reinforces our concept of free will. It presents us as the masters of our fates, aligning with the belief that our actions carry consequences.


 However, this perspective may oversimplify the inherent complexity of human nature. Things like how you were raised, your environment, and many other personal experiences often shape our choices and beliefs. However, some might not fully comprehend the full impact of their decisions, which makes the idea of a 'free' choice less clear-cut.


Considering this, Keller's stance provides an interesting take on free will. However, I believe it lacks depth when dealing with everyday human decisions. I will say that recognizing that our choices are influenced by various factors can help remind us to be more mindful of our decisions, and a deeper understanding of these complexities will lead to a more informed approach to personal responsibility. All of which has a bearing on how our time in eternity will be spent.
	This is a descriptive breakdown of Keller’s universal claim. Well done, Jed. I see your point; Keller makes a very over-arching claim about a very difficult topic. Human free-will may not be just as simple as a “free choice” of identity with or without God. Many things contribute to one’s knowledge, understanding, and reasoning behind such a choice. I think what Keller is going for is not an end-all-be-all answer for such an issue, but rather the ultimate responsibility for each person in his eternal consequence.


	

	5.2 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 4 out of 6
Submitted Jun 12 at 2:33pm
This attempt took less than 1 minute.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
To which Marvel movie does McLaughlin refer?
  Thor: Ragnarok
  Black Panther
  Captain Marvel
  Spiderman: Homecoming
 
IncorrectQuestion 2
0 / 1 pts
Which of the following events does NOT appear in McLaughlin chapter 12?
  2017: #MeToo movement
  2016: U.S. Presidential election
  2013: Boston Marathon bombing
  2018: Larry Nassar sentencing
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
McLaughlin claims that a specific biblical image refers to God's judgment/wrath. What is it?
  the seal
  the cup
  the trumpet
  the flood
 
IncorrectQuestion 4
0 / 1 pts
Keller believes the modern objection to divine judgment is rooted in that fact that
  we're more apt to be polytheistic, confusing the whole notion of judgment
  we now seek less control over ourselves, and adopt a laissez faire attitude about our own eternity
  we now seek to control and shape reality to fit our desires
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
Keller agrees with Miroslav Volf, who claims that
  the practice of non-violence requires a belief in divine vengeance
  the practice of self-defense is always disallowed in all religions
  the practice of war requires atheistic belief
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
Mostly, Keller defines hell as
  the trajectory of the soul, apart from God, into inifinity
  the stoppage of existence, a final disappearance
  a human construct that mitigates immorality.




	4/6
	

	5.3 Discussion: The Bible Can't Be True
	Many people say that the Gospel accounts of Jesus' life--his claims to be divine, the miracles he performed, his death on a cross, his rising from the dead--were written much later by church leaders who were trying to consolidate their power and build their movements, so they suppressed the evidence that Jesus was just a human teacher. How do you respond?


These claims that the gospels were written for the purpose of manipulation have always striked me as far-fetched. There may be evidence suggesting that the gospels were written after they are supposed to have happened, but this evidence is far from conclusive. The Gospels may have been influenced by the tradition of oral storytelling, scarcity of the original manuscripts, and socio-political factors during the Bible’s canonization.
Nonetheless, none of these factors is enough to cast doubt on the entire validity of the Gospels; not by any stretch. For us, as Christians, the Gospels are not merely historical documents, but sacred texts that provide a framework for understanding our faith. However, it is important to note that looking at the Gospels through a critical lens does not negate the impact they have had, nor does it make one a non-believer.


While it is important to approach the gospels with both respect for their religious significance and a critical mind toward their historical context, doing so can help us gain a fuller understanding of the context of the gospels and why that matters to Jesus’ story.
	In my opinion, I do not think any of those accounts would have been as consistent across the board for 2,000 years. Unless they were completely and totally factual and written from the source and at the time they occurred. Also, at that time you would not have written accounts from a woman or from her perspective or experience. The Gospels have accounts that include women and what different women saw, believed or things they did. In my opinion those things would not have been written and kept alive unless they were true. Helena, I did not think about the consistancy factor for my argument but I agree it would have been nearly impossble to keep the facts certain events accurate for 2,000 years plus.


	

	5.3 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 6 out of 6
Submitted Jun 12 at 2:34pm
This attempt took less than 1 minute.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
McLaughlin claims that, as written, the Gospels are
  very good documents to establish the moral integrity of the 1st century religious establishment
  remarkably strong PR for the apostles
  extremely bad PR for the apostles
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
In chapter 6, McLaughlin concentrates heavily on
  distinguishing eternity from temporality
  distinguishing literal truth from metaphor
  distinguishing premodernity from postmodernity
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
In chapter 6, McLaughlin claims that seemingly contradictory accounts in the Bible are actually
  the result of human manipulation of the text and not present in the original autographs
  truly contradictory, requiring us to completely reformulate our ideas of inspiration and inerrancy
  theologically ordered, to give us bifocal vision, and can be understood in paradoxical fashion
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
Keller seems intent on debunking the ideas expressed in the book titled
  The Last Temptation of Christ
  Misquoting Jesus
  The Da Vinci Code
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
Keller is most interested in answering what two common objections to the Bible?
  1. We can't trust the Bible historically; 2. We can't trust the Bible culturally.
  1. We can't trust the Bible's original manuscripts; 2. We can't trust the Bible's central teachings.
  1. We can't trust modern translations of the Bible; 2. We can't trust today's pastors with the Bible.
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
Keller addresses, in a rather direct way, the issue of
  slavery
  global pandemics
  homosexuality




	6/6
	Module 6
	Module 6 Overview
	By this point, you should have a well-developed concept of your own worldview. You've given some effort to identifying your worldview and the factors that influence you. You've compared a variety of worldviews, explored the Christian worldview in-depth, and considered some common objections to Christianity. Hopefully, these exercises have helped you form a clearer idea of what you believe and why you believe it. Check due dates, because this module moves more quickly and serves to prepare you for the major paper due at the end of the term.


In Module 6, you will begin to apply your worldview to everyday living by considering how worldview affects vocation. What motivates your choice of academic major and career? What does your worldview lead you to value about your major/career? How does your worldview shape the way you will pursue your career?


Module 6 Learning Goals:


        Relate and apply worldview commitments to choice of academic major and career.


Module 8 Assignments:


        Read Living at the Crossroads, chapter 9 (posted in the module).
        View Video Lecture: Worldview & Vocation.
        Complete Worldview & Vocation Reflection.
        Complete Module 6 Quiz.




	

	

	6.1 Worldview & Vocation Reflection


	In two or three paragraphs, explain how your worldview informs and directs your purpose/calling in life. How does your worldview influence your choice of an academic major, your career, and your family goals? From a worldview perspective, what makes these goals worthwhile? Specifically, How will your worldview influence the manner in which you pursue these goals? Be as specific as possible, and use course materials and other sources as necessary. In many respect, this reflection serves as preparation for the larger "Worldview & Vocation Paper" assignment due at the end of the term.






As a Christian, my purpose in life is deeply rooted in the principles of unconditional love and service to my fellow people. I believe that I am called to use whatever God has given me to work towards his purpose. This worldview significantly influences nearly all aspects of my life, including educational and career aspects.


I’ve always believed, and been taught, that nearly any career or job otherwise can be done in a way that brings glory to His name. Having such an all-encompassing worldview should affect nearly all parts of one’s life. In this way we can honor the Lord as best as we can anywhere. As for family goals, I aspire to build a family grounded in Christian values of love, respect, and mutual support. I always try to keep in mind that family and friends are meant to lift each other up. Even if there are rough patches, as long as everyone is truly loving everyone else, family togetherness closely parallels godliness just by itself.


My Christian worldview is not just a set of beliefs but something that I can measure myself against and constantly improve on to draw closer to God. It takes even ordinary experiences and can make them into learning or helping opportunities.




	

	

	6.1 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 5 out of 5
Submitted Jun 14 at 4:58pm
This attempt took less than 1 minute.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, the Christian worldview has four lenses. What are they?
  Creation, Flood, Redemption, Curse
  Adam, the Serpent, Jesus, Apocalypse
  Creation, Heaven, Purgatory, Hell
  Creation, Fall, Redemption, Restoration
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, the Christian worldview disallows:
  Categories to provide ultimate hope
  Categories to interpret evil and sin
  Order and design to creation and life
  Existence by random chance
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, the Christian worldview promotes:
  Transcendent orientation to life
  Existence by random chance
  A compartmentalized view of life
  Eastern dualism
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, the Christian worldview
  Relates to Politics, because Christians are Republicans
  Relates to Business, because God wants his people to be rich
  Relates to Sports, because humanity is created in the image of God
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
Chapter 9 of the book, Living at the Crossroads, explores what the Christian worldview means for
  learning to function in a career setting that's been affected by the Fall
  dealing with disappointment during a career
  six specific areas of contemporary vocations




	5/5
	Module 7
	Module 7 Overview
	Inevitably, a person's worldview affects his or her moral convictions and ethical choices. What a person believes about God, the world, humanity, and salvation directs what a person believes about what is morally right and morally wrong. Module 7 introduces key concepts of ethics and morality, and explores the history behind moral reasoning.


Module 7 Learning Goals:


        Identify basic concepts pertaining to ethics and moral reasoning.
        Appraise the influence of the Christian tradition on moral reasoning in Western civilization.
        Apply worldview and ethical commitments to appraise an ethical scenario.


Module 7.1 Assignments:


        Read Keller chapter 9
        Read McLaughlin chapter 4
        Watch Video Lecture "Introduction to Ethics"
        Complete Module 7.1 discussion
        Complete Module 7.1 quiz


Module 7.2 Assignments:


        Watch Video Lecture, "The Bible and Ethics"
        Read "Making Sense of Scripture's 'Inconsistency'"
        Complete Module 7.2 discussion
        Complete Module 7.2 Quiz




	

	

	7.1 Ethical Influences Discussion
	How does your community influence your ethical behavior?  In your own behaviors, how do you rank the influence of your 1) church, 2) family, 3) peer group, and 4) workplace (if applicable)? Put them in order of their influence/importance, and explain why you rank them as you do.






        Church
            My church is like the main guide for my moral compass. I was brought up in a Christian home and as I've matured, I've found that the lessons, beliefs, and the community still provide a solid moral direction for me. They help me make decisions that align with Christian values like love, forgiveness, and justice.
        Family
            My family is a close second. They were the ones who introduced me to our faith, and their values have always been like a guiding light for me. They've instilled in me the importance of honesty, respect, and kindness from a young age. As I grow and find my own path, I often reflect on the lessons they've taught me.
        Peer group
             My friends also have a significant influence on my moral behavior. I'm lucky to have a group of friends who also share my faith and reinforce the values I hold dear. They challenge me, support me, and help me grow in my understanding of ethics. While they don't shape my core beliefs as much as my church or family, their influence on my daily choices is pretty significant.
        Workplace
            Lastly, my part-time job also impacts my moral behavior, especially in a professional context. While my faith already guides me to act with integrity and respect, my workplace has its own rules that I need to follow. It emphasizes the importance of responsibility, honesty, and teamwork. Even though it doesn't shape my core values as much as the other three, it's still a significant part of my moral framework.




	Jed,


I am encouraged by how you ranked these categories. My goal is to get to the place where I rank church as the highest. Although I was also raised and brought up in a Christian home, I find myself influenced by my family and peers more. This is mostly because I am still trying to grow in my relationship with the church I attend. Another thing that I can relate to you, is I also ranked the workplace as the lowest of these because ultimately, they do have the least amount of influence in my life. I still value my coworker's opinions but I value my family and friends more.
	

	7.1 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 7.78 out of 8
Submitted Jun 20 at 4:38pm
This attempt took 3 minutes.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
"People still have strong moral convictions, but . . . they don't have any visible basis for why they find some things to be evil and other things good." Keller refers to this condition as:
  free-floating morality
  cognitively-dissonant morality
  psuedo-Christian morality
  Gen-Z based morality
 
Question 2
1 / 1 pts
According to Keller chapter 9, morality is
  a completely individual and relative concept
  an orientation toward understandings about what is right and wrong
  merely an expression of one's faith tradition
  a function of human perception, not a reality
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
Keller believes that, by itself, evolution
  cannot account for the origin of our moral feelings or the standards by which we judge them
  can account for the origin of our moral feelings and the standards by which we judge them
  fully explains human morality as a function of survival instincts at the species level
 
Question 4
1 / 1 pts
Both Keller & McLaughlin spend a good part of their chapters exploring
  the influence of various world religions on culture.
  the problem of terrorism as it relates to modern warfare
  the origin and basis of believing in human rights
  the cosmological argument for the existence of God
 
Question 5
1 / 1 pts
The video lecture uses what analogy by C. S. Lewis?
  analogy of volcanos
  analogy of changing seasons
  analogy of computers
  analogy of ships
 
Question 6
1 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, which of the following is NOT one of the three types of moral action?
  morally permissable
  morally obligatory
  morally equivocal
  morally superogatory
 
PartialQuestion 7
0.78 / 1 pts
Match each ethical theory with its correct description, according to the lecture.
teleological
 
deontological
 
consequentialist
 
virtue/character
 
situational
 
egoism
 
intuitionism
 
emotivism
 
rights ethics
 
 
Question 8
1 / 1 pts
In chapter 4, McLaughlin says the claim that religion hurts morality fails because
  the claim does not acknowledge the authority of the Bible
  the claim is only made by biased people
  the claim does not fit the data




	7.8/8
	

	7.2 Biblical Consistency Discussion
	Sometimes, Christians are accused of inconsistency or hypocrisy because they adhere to some Old Testament commands (like believing homosexual activity is wrong--Leviticus 18:22, 20:13) while ignoring others (prohibitions against eating shellfish or using mixed fabrics--Leviticus 11:9-12, Leviticus 19:19). Do you believe the accusation is true? Why or why not? How do we know what parts of the Old Testament moral code are still valid for today? Might someone make this accusation to your group in the way your presentation uses the Bible? How will you respond?



The accusation of inconsistency or hypocrisy among Christians is often rooted in misconceptions about the Old Testament laws, which are categorized into ceremonial, civil, and moral. Ceremonial and civil laws, including those banning the consumption of shellfish and governing the Israelite nation, were designed for a specific cultural and historical context, and do not have a direct contemporary application. On the other hand, moral laws, like the one in Leviticus 18:22 about homosexual activity, were also written in a distinct historical and cultural context, and many scholars propose that these were responding to unique issues of the time, suggesting their direct relevance today might not be the same.


Moreover, the New Testament, through the teachings of Jesus and the apostles, underscores love, acceptance, and understanding. Jesus, in Matthew 22:37-40, declares that the paramount commandment is to love God and secondly, to love one's neighbor as oneself, stating that all the Law and the Prophets are based on these two commandments. Therefore, while some might perceive the selective adherence to certain Old Testament laws as inconsistent, it's vital to interpret these laws within their historical and cultural context and in congruence with the New Testament's overarching ethos of love and acceptance.
	

	

	7.2 Module Quiz
	 Score for this attempt: 2 out of 3
Submitted Jun 20 at 4:41pm
This attempt took less than 1 minute.
 
Question 1
1 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, the Ten Commandments can be viewed in what two directions?
  diagonal and roundabout
  3rd & 4th dimensions
  east and west
  vertical and horizontal
 
IncorrectQuestion 2
0 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, what does "negative is positive" mean?
  The "thou shalt not" nature of the commandments is the most restrictive approach to ethics
  The practical must always be considered before the theoretical
  The theoretical must be considered without reference to the practical
  The "thou shalt not" nature of the commandments is the least restrictive approach to ethics
 
Question 3
1 / 1 pts
According to the lecture, what are the twin errors of ethics?
  consequentialism & relativism
  supralapsarianism & infralapsarianism
  legalism & antinomianism
  establishmentarianism & disestablishmentarianism




	2/3
	FINAL
	Worldview & Vocation Paper
	         Due Sunday by 11:59pm Points 100 Submitting a file upload (Turnitin enabled) File Types doc, docx, and pdf


The major writing assignment for this course is a combination of personal reflection on the student’s own sense of vocation (calling) and the integration of a Christian worldview. What is your field of study (biology, education, business, etc.) and what is your present or intended future vocation (attorney, medical doctor, investor, etc.)? This assignment encourages the student to explore the implications of a Christian worldview for this specific vocation. Even if students do not personally identify with the Christian faith, they are asked to consider what these implications might be for Christians in the specified field of study. The paper will be 5-6 pages in length (12-point font, double-spaced, with 1-inch margins) and will include the following sections (which should be marked off in the paper by headings, which should read precisely as they are listed here):


        Introduction (1/2 page):This section introduces the topic of the paper. It should include a clear thesis and a summary of the outline of the paper.
        Personal Vocation (1 page): This section briefly summarizes the student’s own sense of personal calling/career. It should describe the process of how the student arrived at this decision and the main reasons why it was chosen.
        Christian Guidance for This Vocation (2-3 pages):This section explores some of the ways that a Christian Worldview shapes and motivates the student’s chosen vocation. Students should frame their thinking along the basic components of the Christian worldview:


            Creation: How does this vocation express God’s design for the world and humanity’s place in it? For example, someone pursuing the visual arts could discuss how humans, made in God’s image, share a degree of God’s creative impulse. Someone studying education might consider the creation mandate for humans to be stewards of God’s creation, and how educating future generations fulfills it.
            Fall: How has sin and evil corrupted or misdirected this vocation? How might it be misused? Or, in what ways does this vocation seek to correct some consequence of the Fall? For example, a criminal justice major deals directly with matters of sin, seeking to restrain evil and protect the vulnerable. By seeking healing, a nursing major deals directly with human sickness and frailty, which are marks of a fallen world.
            Redemption: How does this vocation work to preview the new creation that God promises to bring? A business major might discuss fair transactions and human flourishing, which will be perfected in the new creation. A Christian Studies major could consider that their task is to draw worshipers, which will be continual in the new creation.


        Final Reflections (1/2 page): The final section should include some personal reflections on what the student has learned from this assignment and how it may change the way they go about pursuing a career.  


The paper should be properly cited and should include 3-5 academic sources (books, journal articles, etc, not blogs or opinion items). Students may use the course textbooks but should also explore other relevant sources. A rubric will be provided for this assignment.
Rubric
Vocation Paper Rubric
Vocation Paper Rubric
Criteria     Ratings     Pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning Outcome Thesis
    
5 pts
Full Marks
Easily identifiable, plausible, novel, sophisticated, insightful, crystal clear.
    
4 pts
Good Marks
Identifiable, promising, generally clear, but lacking in insight or creativity.
    
3 pts
Needs Help Marks
May be unclear (contain many vague terms), too simplistic, appear unoriginal, or offers little creativity or imagination; insufficient basis around which to structure the paper.
    
2 pts
Marginal Marks
Difficult to identify at all, may be bland restatement of obvious point or implausible (due either to the merits of the thesis or the space allowed to cover it).
    
0 pts
No Marks
Has no identifiable thesis, or utterly incompetent thesis.
    
5 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning Outcome Structure
    
10 pts
Full Marks
Evident, understandable, appropriate for thesis. Excellent transitions from point to point. Paragraphs support solid topic sentences.
    
8 pts
Good Marks
Generally clear and appropriate, with no obvious problems of getting off-topic or wandering. Few, if any, unclear transitions, and perhaps a few paragraphs without strong topic sentences.
    
6 pts
Needs Help Marks
Occasionally unclear and/or unfocused, and may wander or jump around at times. Few or weak transitions; some sections or paragraphs without a topic sentence.
    
4 pts
Marginal Marks
Unclear, often because thesis is weak or non-existent. Transitions are confusing and unclear. Few topic sentences.
    
2 pts
Very Poor Marks
Shows obviously minimal lack of effort or comprehension of the assignment. Very difficult to understand owing to major problems with structure.
    
10 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning Outcome Evidence
    
25 pts
Full Marks
Sources are reputable and consulted sufficiently, and used to buttress key points. Examples support mini-thesis and fit within paragraph. Excellent integration of quoted material into sentences.
    
20 pts
Good Marks
Sources are reputable and typically consulted sufficiently. Some evidence does not support point, or may appear where inappropriate. Quotes well integrated into sentences.
    
15 pts
Needs Help Marks
Sources are cited or quoted, but in a cursory or minimal fashion. Examples used to support some points. Points may often lack supporting evidence, or evidence used where inappropriate (often because there may be no clear point). On occasion, quotes are poorly integrated into sentences. Some sources may be of low quality.
    
10 pts
Marginal Marks
Insufficient use of sources and perhaps too heavily reliant upon poor sources or the internet for sources. Very few or very weak examples. General failure to support statements, or evidence seems to support no statement. Quotes not integrated into sentences; "dropped in" in improper manner.
    
5 pts
Very Poor Marks
Shows obviously minimal lack of effort or comprehension of the assignment. Utter lack of evidence.
    
25 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning Outcome Analysis
    
20 pts
Full Marks
Sources are reputable and consulted sufficiently, and used to buttress key points. Examples support mini-thesis and fit within paragraph. Excellent integration of quoted material into sentences.
    
16 pts
Good Marks
Evidence often related to mini-thesis, with links typically established and clear.
    
12 pts
Needs Help Marks
Quotes appear often without analysis relating them to a main point or mini-thesis (or there is a weak mini-thesis to support), or analysis offers little (or nothing) beyond the quote or citation. Use of primary and secondary material appears to be an afterthought, used to simply fill a quota.
    
8 pts
Marginal Marks
Very little or very weak attempt to relate evidence or research to argument; may be no identifiable argument, or insufficient evidence related to the argument.
    
4 pts
Very Poor Marks
Shows obviously minimal lack of effort or comprehension of the assignment. Very difficult to understand owing to major problems with analysis.
    
20 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning Outcome Logic & Argument
    
25 pts
Full Marks
All ideas in the paper flow logically; the argument is identifiable, reasonable, and sound. Author anticipates and successfully defuses counter-arguments; makes novel connections to outside material (from other parts of the class, or other classes) which illuminate thesis.
    
20 pts
Good Marks
Argument of paper is clear, usually flows logically and makes sense. Some evidence that counter-arguments acknowledged, though perhaps not addressed fully. Occasional insightful connections to outside material made.
    
15 pts
Needs Help Marks
Logic may often fail, or argument may be unclear. May not address counter-arguments or make any outside connections, or may make incorrect connections. May contain logical contradictions, or unsuccessfully resolve issues that undermine the thesis.
    
10 pts
Marginal Marks
Ideas are inconsistent or do not flow at all, perhaps because there is no argument to support or because the paper is not developing a clear point. Simplistic view of topic; little or no effort to grasp possible alternative views. Logical contradictions at key points, or simply the argument is too incoherent to determine.
    
5 pts
Very Poor Marks
Shows obviously minimal lack of effort or comprehension of the assignment. No identifiable logic, and no reasonable argumentation.
    
25 pts
This criterion is linked to a Learning Outcome Mechanics
    
15 pts
Full Marks
Sentence structure, grammar, and diction excellent; correct use of punctuation and citation style; minimal to no spelling errors; absolutely no run-on sentences or comma splices.
    
12 pts
Good Marks
Sentence structure, grammar, and diction strong despite occasional lapses; punctuation and citation style often used correctly. Some (minor) spelling errors; may have one run-on sentence, sentence fragment, or comma splice.
    
9 pts
Needs Help Marks
Problems in sentence structure, grammar, and diction (usually not major). Several errors in punctuation, citation style, and spelling. May have several run-on sentences or comma splices.
    
6 pts
Marginal Marks
Big problems in sentence structure, grammar, and diction. Frequent major errors in citation style, punctuation, and spelling. May have many run-on sentences and comma splices.
    
3 pts
Very Poor Marks
Shows obviously minimal lack of effort or comprehension of the assignment. Very difficult to understand owing to major problems with mechanics.
    
15 pts
Total Points: 100
	Very important